# AiProject
#Run those in command prompt/cmt/terminal) For the robot to listen to our voice/speech 
  pip install speechRecognition

#To speak out, or text to speech
  pip install pyttsx3

#For advance control on browser 
  pip install pywhatkit

#To get wikipedia data 
  pip install wikipedia

#To get funny jokes 
  pip install pyjokes

Apstraction:
A Voice Assistant project in Python is a 
type of software application that utilizes
the capabilities of the Python 
programming language to perform various 
tasks and commands through voice input. 
This project likely involves the use of 
natural language processing and machine 
learning libraries such as NLTK, 
SpeechRecognition and others to interpret 
and respond to user requests. Some common 
functionality for a Voice Assistant 
project in Python could include playing 
, setting reminders, providing information
, and controlling other software or 
devices. The abstraction of the project 
would be a system that can understand 
human voice commands and perform specific 
actions based on those commands, making 
the interaction with technology more 
natural and intuitive. 
The use of Python programming language in 
this project allows for flexibility and 
scalability to add more advanced 
functionality and integration with other systems

The Voice Assistant project is an 
innovative solution that utilizes 
cutting-edge technology to enhance the 
user experience through natural language 
processing and voice recognition. 
This project aims to provide a seamless 
and intuitive way for users to interact 
with their devices, allowing them to 
information, perform tasks, and control 
their environment using only their voice. 
The Voice Assistant project is designed 
to be highly customizable, allowing users 
to tailor their experience to their 
specifications needs and preferences. 
With its advanced capabilities and 
intuitive interface, the Voice Assistant 
project is set to revolutionize the way 
we interact with technology.
